so today I'm going to show you how to
get the famous iphone CEO spilled system
on an iOS device so what you're going to
need is you're going to need immunity
you're obviously going to be jailbroken
and you're going to need an SSH or more
mobile terminal 2i SSH prompt mobile
admin or a mobile terminal so get one of
those and open up um sorry SSH into your
local host which is 127 point zero point
zero point one open that up all right
let that load and also before you start
this you're going to need big boss
recommended tools from Cydia okay so now
we're at root and make sure you log in
log in as a root your password will be
alpine if you haven't changed it I'm now
we're going to do is you going to type
install seals oops sorry feels three
type that in hit return and it don't go
ahead and install everything for you now
it'll take about 10 minutes 10 to 20
minutes based on your connection but um
don't worry everything is okay and once
you want you've done that you can go
into cydia and see that all your
packages have been installed from the
core dev NL repo and the next start how
it dot net / the else repo but you're
not going to have those repos anymore so
if we head over here city overloads
packages if we scroll down you'll see
you have deals iphone OS build system
I'm sorry for the reloading data
all right and here you'll see all these
camels or the terminal on the bottom of
the all these packages you will have
there's a lot of them so don't worry
everything went good and then once you
want to start building all you have to
do to get the new instance creator is go
back logged in to your local host as
root and anyway and all you have to do
is um to get to the new instance creator
you put a dollar sign all caps feels
slash bin slash and I see dot PL hit
return and that's it you'll see your new
is just creating to create it just like
you're on a Mac so thanks for watching
and I hope this video helped you